Have another drink
Okay, you've had enough.
No way.
No. That's all.
I have this money
You bring me all the wine
But something you can't see
Can't you see the strength of this lady?
Miss, don't be angry.
You see how boring it is to drink alone
Why don't I find someone to accompany you?
Find someone to accompany me
Sure, so why are you looking for it?
He's my best friend.
But now he's ignoring me.
You, find someone to accompany me now
Find someone
Okay, I'll find someone for you myself
Liu comes in
Say hello to this sister
Hello, sister.
Hello Her Royal Highness
Sister, you two miss you so much.
elder sister
Nice to meet you.
Cut such a thorn
Congratulations
Spend 5 male models today
Hey wait, refuse to drink
Sister is awesome
Sister drinks so much
I met Qian Qian at a party
I was wearing high heels and accidentally twisted my foot.
Everyone else is laughing at me
Only Jing Jing helps
Why is that?
Southern Landscape will be so interested in Song Qingjian
Didn't he say that Nanjing would fall in love with me?
Ah!
Hahaha